what was the mess that there was I mean, let's
see It turns out that
people who
are accused of serious crimes can't work on Spanish television And
then it's like
the
TV factory had people working in a
very strange production company that
nobody knew and with this production company they released a
late that was this one called
Margot Does La Movida sound familiar to you that the
first guest was Roso Carrasco And
then it was suspected that the
TV factory could be involved in this
production company with another name because They had
tried to present this format
previously they must be
convicted if they are accused if they can
work Ana Lucía I
don't know Because in any case we've
seen people convicted
too damn Roso Carrasco is not
convicted What happens is that maybe she has to
be convicted outright no I don't
know but anyway La Movida It's that
the movida is
[Music]
that in case there is any doubt of course they will
say that it is friendship
no they will say that it is friendship no in case there is
any doubt eh I mean there is a
close relationship between Spanish television and
radio television man and
especially with this program  eh Don't stop
clapping let's welcome our first
guests who are triumphing on
Netflix a round of applause for María Patio
Lidia Lozano García Cortés Kiko
Hernández and Kiko
Matoros
Mr. Monument of
the Hey, I'm going to open a late show
late What's this called, late show? I'm going to
have one, I'm going to have one
tomorrow I'm leaving YouTube, I'm leaving
the three channels and whatever, we're
doing it there like the broncano
at least that's what the public sector contracts law says it's
that these people, the most and the
least, of course when we refer to a
sentence, what sentence are you referring to,
criminal sentence, civil sentences, I understand
that, no, no, that has nothing to do with it, you see, it's
nonsense, eh Kiko Hernández He had a
sentence for misappropriation,
no, but of course if it has expired,
nothing happens I mean, I don't
understand
[Music]
comrade, pas, very well, of course, yes, of
course, take it,
monument of
contemporary television María Patio Lozano García
Cortés of course, what this program is
doing is helping the factory of the
tele don't die
J but let's leave it leave us a channel here on
YouTube don't be mean But Isabel what do you
care what do you care Isabel I'll send you
wherever to see it and that's it
no let's see it's clear that there is a
certain relationship of camaraderie and help or
rather look at how
things are they have already gone to promote the
program they have already gone to promote the
program on Spanish television and to a few other places
well a few other places
breasts a kiss and they have not gone to tele5 to
promote the program which has
always been their
channel and they go around talking bad about tele5
of course they go around talking bad about tele5 they
kicked us out we found out all over the world
they leaked it
bravo bravo how wonderful how wonderful
Hey Thank you so much for coming wow we
had a lot to do eh you know what I'm
saying we opened a lot I haven't set foot on a set
since the last day well that's what I was going to
tell you since the 23rd I took it to f last
SV Well since the last sálvame it
was a 2 you're all here because you've
made a doc  reality on Netflix every
man for himself Belén vctor and
terel quar are missing I think
quar is leaving Ana Méndez a kiss
gorgeous look with terel one thing very
funny we arrived there deamos Oy no he's not going to
know you this is a foreign land and
she said on the plane she says no no no they
know me a lot in
America yes she meant it Because I
participated in it in a few
rooms and then it turns out that there they
asked us for photos of everyone except
her to review sese who can It's the
most viewed this deserves applause on the
platform the most viewed let's
see yes it's true that you've
seen me on Netflix right now Let's see
I don't think so I don't think that Netflix
is ​​falsifying the no the numbers
so what it is what it is what it is